doc: add missing documentation for `PerformanceObserver.prototype.takeRecords()` (#55786)
nodejs/node: doc/api/perf_hooks.md

  performance.mark(`test${n}`);
```

### `performanceObserver.takeRecords()`

<!-- YAML
added: v16.0.0
-->

> Gets the current list of {PerformanceEntry} objects stored in the performance observer, emptying it out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Returns: {PerformanceEntry} Current list of entries stored in the performance observer, emptying it out.
```
